This Privacy Statement covers the information practices of web site and its sub-domains that link to this Privacy Statement
Information collected
We offer a variety of applications and services that are collectively referred to as the “Services.”
When expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about the Services or registering to use the Services, iPlum requires you to provide the Company with personal contact information, such as name, company name, address, phone number, and email address etc. When purchasing the Services, we require you to provide the Company with financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number, and the number of employees within the organization that will be using the Services.
As you navigate the Company’s Web sites, we may also collect information through the use of commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and Web beacons (“Web Site Navigational Information”). Web Site Navigational Information includes standard information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language), your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and the actions you take on the Company’s Web sites (such as the Web pages viewed and the links clicked).
Use of information collected
The Company uses Data About we Customers to perform the services requested. For example, if you fill out a “Contact Us” Web form, the Company will use the information provided to contact you about your interest in the Services. uses credit card or Paypal information solely to check the financial qualifications of prospective Customers and to collect payment for the Services.
We uses Web Site Navigational Information to operate and improve the Company’s Web sites. The Company may also use Web Site Navigational Information alone or in combination with Data About Customers to provide personalized information about the Company.
Web site navigational information
We use commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and Web beacons, to collect information as you navigate the Company’s Web sites (“Web Site Navigational Information”). This section describes the types of Web Site Navigational Information that may be collected on the Company’s Web sites and how this information may be used.
Cookies
We use cookies to make interactions with the Company’s Web sites easy and meaningful. When you visit one of the Company’s Web sites, servers send a cookie to your computer. Standing alone, cookies do not personally identify you. They merely recognize your Web browser. Unless you choose to identify yourself, either by responding to a promotional offer, opening an account, or filling out a Web form (such as a “Contact Us” Web form), you remain anonymous to the Company.
Public forums, refer a friend, and customer testimonials
We may provide bulletin boards, blogs, or chat rooms on the Company’s Web sites. Any personal information you choose to submit in such a forum may be read, collected, or used by others who visit these forums, and may be used to send you unsolicited messages. We is not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums.
Customers and Visitors may elect to use the Company’s referral program to inform friends about the Company’s Web sites. When using the referral program, the Company requests the friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Company’s Web sites. We posts a list of Customers and testimonials on the Company’s Web sites that contain information such as Customer names and titles.
Sharing of information collected
We may share Data About Customers with the Company’s service providers so that these service providers can contact Customers and Visitors who have provided contact information on our behalf to perform their normal duties. We may also share Data About  Customers with the Company’s service providers to ensure the quality of information provided. Unless described in this privacy statement, We does not share, sell, rent, or trade any information provided with third parties for their promotional purposes.
From time to time, We may partner with other companies to jointly offer products or services. If you purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly-offered product or service, the Company may share Data About Customers collected in connection with your purchase or expression of interest with our joint promotion partner(s). We does not control our business partners’ use of the Data About Customers we collect, and their use of the information will be in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you do not wish for your information to be shared in this manner, you may opt not to purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly offered product or service.
We use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use Billing Information except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on the Company’s behalf.
We reserves the right to use or disclose information provided if required by law or if the Company reasonably believes that use or disclosure is necessary to protect the Company’s rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.
International transfer of information collected
To facilitate global operations, the Company may transfer and access Data About Customers from around the world, including the United States. This Privacy Statement shall apply even if we transfers data About Customers to other countries.
Correcting and updating your information
Customers may update or change their registration information by contacting. Requests to access, change, or delete your information will be handled within 90 days.
Customer data  Customers may electronically submit data or information to the Services for hosting and processing purposes (“Customer Data”). We will not review, share, distribute, or reference any such Customer Data except as provided in the Subscription Agreement, or as may be required by law. In accordance with the Subscription Agreement, we may access Customer Data only for the purpose of providing the Services, preventing or addressing service or technical problems, at a Customer’s request in connection with customer support matters, or as may be required by law.
Security
We use robust security measures to protect Customer Data from unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and help ensure the appropriate use of Customer Data. When the Services are accessed using Internet Explorer version 6.0 or later, Firefox version 2.0 or later, or Safari version 3.0 or later, Secure Socket Layer (.SSL.) technology protects Customer Data using both server authentication and data encryption. These technologies help ensure that Customer Data is safe, secure, and only available to the Customer to whom the information belongs and those to whom the Customer has granted access. We also implements an advanced security method based on dynamic data and encoded session identifications, and the Company hosts its Web sites in a secure server environment that uses firewalls, intrusion detection systems, and other advanced technology to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. We also offers enhanced security features within the Services that permit Customers to configure security settings to the level they deem necessary. Customers are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of their usernames and passwords.
Because the Company uses the Services to maintain Data About Customers, this information is secured in the same manner as described above for Customer Data.


